Innovation Insight for Microservices blog 

Microservice is an architecture that enables agility and scalability for modern applications. To be able to support microservice as part of the software development ideology. A team must have strong DevOps such as continuous integration (CI), continuous delivery (CD), application release automation (ARA), and test-driven development (TDD). The goal of microservices is to support scability, and continoous delivery of new features and capabilites. However, this ideology is complex and culturally disruptive. 

Microservice architecture also known as MSA. With this architecture, teams are able to independently build, test, package, deploy, and scale individual components of an application. MSA is extremely popular among other organizations such as Netflix, Amazon, Twitter and many other companies. These companies are constantly delivering new features and capabilities, with this architecture Netflix and other companies can scale their applications without breaking core infrastructure. Simultaneously, building new features that allows scalable delivery. In comparison, delivering new features to monolithic code base can be extremely risky, if the application goes wrong, it can bring down the whole application. Without the flexibility of microservices, this would also take a longer timer to debug and fix the application since code reviews and tests would take much longer.

In the bigger picture of software development, the service granularity consists of 3 parts, Microservices, Miniservices, and Macroservices. Macroservices will provide API and database that will be shared to other services, which is generally deployed as part of a Monolithic Application. Miniservice will factor the macroservices API functionality into smaller individually bits and pieces. Now, the Microservices will factor the individual functionality into multiple deployable units. All 3 implmentation services can check out the same API.

MSA might be a good approach to many companies however it's not always the best solutions to your company. MSA can be better than other paradigms and it can increase better agility and scalability but not all companies needs it. Some products might not meet extreme agility and scalability requirements. Thus it would an unwise investment to train MSA skilled software engineer and building new paradigm to adapt MSA. 

Source: https://www.gartner.com/en/documents/3903364